Hello everyone, Alex, today you
show dupe and vulture in industrial craft but
version 152
for this we need 1 baht box
one battery dzhechka transformer
low voltage transformers
medium voltage transformer
high voltage single generator
matter and fiberglass
let's do it here
beatbox
low voltage transformer
medium high on a little bit
podcast and what's next leverage words
bad box and battery need to discharge
help battery so turn on the lever
here you are
and dupe for him we need
wood scaffolding one thing
and this one that's crafting
so and we will be able to sleep now come out of
creativity and show that I'm not doing anything
you will see two drops from 1 and v 2
shop here you see where it falls
and so we can do by dump until
bored well well thank you all for
view all bye